Hello you welcome to one
foul today i was shopping because
At times you have to constantly something in the world
We have something delicious at home
see you soon
Currently I buy feeling every day
strawberries it rubbish but emotionally
at least I constantly buy many
strawberries and they just survive here
not long enough there could be us right now
really fool my husband says so too
always please buy strawberries strawberries
with and I believe if he is here
currently very strawberry but it is
yes also understandable the strawberry season
is there not so long and we
Just want that again
take advantage of the strawberry then again
goes and yes I am already quite
sorry but I will buy it as long as it is
she gives and I am so thankful about
this summer fruit it is one of my
I have to be honest about my favorite fruits
admit and everything strawberry shake is yet
already something fine or even apple cake
or whatever else you make of it
because then he just had to go with and
if other bears are already next to the
Strawberries are lying then I will be like that
a bit tingling because for me
it somehow that sign
strawberry time will soon be over
currants and blueberries like that
come slowly and I have here once
red and once black currant
taken away because I really like them
I eat quite often has last
with this johannes bear as well
jam or just as shake and
drink as moody i just love bears
in any form and when fresh
then I really have to long
I think that's one of the tastiest
Things that are fresh berries and before
everything in müli, especially in berries, must be
or in the mug or what you do with it
Whatever I do with bears
you are always right and I am
currently really glad that we would be time
of course if you have children in the
household loads of apples and also
delicious bananas are apples and bananas
here simply a staple food
my children are currently growing apples and
bananas
what the stuff holds and clearly the children
I am happy to eat fruits and vegetables
I'm banal again
shopped and as always defects
Groups have been getting away from here too
So my son there could be a whole
eat citizens on the day I just come
not afterwards
He is very happy to be a group and yes
I am curious when this cucumber phase
at my son from now on anyway
Salad cucumbers until the doctor comes
had to go back and liked that
i still liked doing and bought curves
and what I like right now are
avocados this is nothing new though
Currently mala vocabulary is higher
than usual I just can not get enough
and my little son
is now slowly starting to avocados too
eat
he always grabbed me because he was
just too slowly wants others
try things and avocado are
just great when it's football
I look forward to the castle without giggs
tortilla chips and guacamole perfect in
chiesa diaz or perfect in rape
in any case, without avocado, it is even here
not so had avocados with and one
super cook foundation form with me
always shallot and garlic must
I just really always have it in my house
because I find shallots and garlic
make a perfect foundation for almost
it always smells good when
teams on turns or too
garlic andré I really like that
and yes of course they must also buy
cook over we want here in any
Fall and colorful cherry tomatoes for
you are looking great and currently
Are you from Germany ? Here I am
always happy when it's formidable
I also really like the colorful ones
they are increasingly in summer in the
winter i see you somehow and me
like the so much just in different
courts and I think it's great too
when it put a tomatensalat
can and you have a green tomato raw
tomatoes almost black tomatoes and
geldautomaten
I think that's totally cool for the eye
is much the same for much longer and if
There are colorful tomatoes I buy the
always and now we strawberries and
Bear time and I have an absolute
fan of shaikhs or even if it
Hot is really great like fruits
shakes on ice and yes I have like me
I immediately took with me because
strawberries and currants and at
because everything is freshly cured by is
that's a great refreshment right now
summer and when it is very hot
then I make myself a big drink
a big sheikh and there i feel
I'm always much better
and I think I'm totally cool
soy milk tastes good to me as well
Just have something else and me
I loved the taste of hair
very well used to it for me
I really enjoy it very much then
I always take them from the proud hofgut
it's great
I just like the taste of it all
Best of all and yes, a strawberry
drinking with milk banana and while
just a perfect start to the day
currently and for the coffee
in between, of course, soymilk me
still find that they are easy
It's also best to foam and me
I really like the taste
always take pride in the hofgut
Today somebody else stands and I like
the soymilk just like and
the farmyard proudly comes the soybeans
also from Lake Constance
they really build that themselves and there
can you really be sure that
the bean from germany is on it
genetic engineering and everything
others too and of course that is
super and peter soybeans need more like that
take care a little bit where they are
comes from and what was done with it
Soybeans are really great too
that's why I want to do some gene manipulation
always know exactly where the soybean
come here and if I have a soybean
Cultivation in Germany then gives
of course I like to support that
soya milk tastes great and the
Coffee is so perfect where we are at
Rapeseed oil rape is currently the absolute
It has to go fast if you eat
comes home in the evening and I still like that
I am with the children and he is
already asks what do we eat today then
I think it has to go fast most of the time
the stomach is already down to me
because I'm not really eating yet
came and then we go
really super common rapeseed and that's why
I once again bought the raps in the
Organic stores also need to think I'm nourishing
me of it and anyway they are great
everything can be perfect confers
knows that you can do everything in raps
curl up and make it a perfect little one
eat if you roll a wheel and fast
take along or the way quite relish
When football is on the couch I think
It always raps perfectly just go
always or and then I thought so myself
could have two bad food again
I have not done that in a long time
find it actually quite tasty as
fever with a bit of jam or
she gets butter or you can too
Do other things on it but I have
that used to eaten so often in the past
You can also take a kid with you and you can
the rusk of the crumbs also guaranteed
all full because it pays properly
car again nice to suck if the
Children should measure in the on
he should think about it five times
but in any case, I also think that's one
good parts between meal I take
very much like to love with the children
orient the rusk and I think
also zwieback however always and me
I saw that I have my organic shop
Again, this sugar and cinnamon mix
There is now life tree
somehow not longer and I think so
are very practical to us even in
Spender same to buy one can do that
also home mission, of course, but me
find it totally practical and I like it
I like to have a nice one
café and maybe once
nice at the table seats or again
in between probably rather somewhere stand
and when I am ready then when the coffee
drinking too much then stroked me super
like to use the milk foam sugar and
cinnamon about it a bit
I think that makes the coffee still
Above all else , yummy looks good and that
I like it really well
and now the refrigerator is back
something filled and my heart something again
it calms many of you, I know
just hate empty refrigerators and
when it comes to football and who to me
Coming together has to be easy
what delicious to be there, even if it
small things are delicious it must be
and I would say see you tomorrow
again to a new video if you
May and until tomorrow from 13 30 clock